README.md, before:

# relyzer.github.io

A simple, first iteration of my personal website!  
This project serves as a training ground for my front-end skills and clean coding.  
As my skills improve, I hope to add more cool features to my site, so stay tuned!

## To do:

1.) Modify contents and reduce clutter  
2.) Make it prettier!  
3.) Fix some UX issues  
4.) Get Unity WebGL working if possible. Relatively difficult as unity projects to be displayed, are of older versions. May need to get it to update.  
5.) Add links to projects and display in a nice component  
6.) Fix responsive issue of the spinner animation and the name in the banner section  
7.) Fix all responsiveness of the layouts and sections  

## Website initially started from:

A TypeScript Next.js example  
By executing [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app@latest
```

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript&project-name=with-typescript&repository-name=with-typescript)

## Make sure to install all dependencies and TypeScript!

```bash
npm install
```

## To run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Documentations used

Next.js: https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started  
React.js: https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html  
TailwindCSS: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation

For button sound effects:  
Great short tutorial with easy-to-use hooks!  
Use-sound / Howler.js: https://www.joshwcomeau.com/react/announcing-use-sound-react-hook/

Fontawesome: https://fontawesome.com/v6.0

Epic Spinners: https://epic-spinners.epicmax.co/

Commit message:

Minor refactoring and added projects section

README.md, after:

# relyzer.github.io

A simple, first iteration of my personal website!  
This project serves as a training ground for my front-end skills and clean coding.  
As my skills improve, I hope to add more cool features to my site, so stay tuned!

## To do:

1.) Modify contents and reduce clutter  
2.) Make it prettier!  
3.) Fix responsive issue of the spinner animation and the name in the banner section  
4.) Fix all responsiveness of the layouts and sections  
5.) Separate the data into another folder/fileset from the components (SOC principle)

## Website initially started from:

A TypeScript Next.js example  
By executing [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app@latest
```

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript&project-name=with-typescript&repository-name=with-typescript)

## Make sure to install all dependencies and TypeScript!

```bash
npm install
```

## To run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Documentations used

Next.js: https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started  
React.js: https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html  
TailwindCSS: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation

For button sound effects:  
Great short tutorial with easy-to-use hooks!  
Use-sound / Howler.js: https://www.joshwcomeau.com/react/announcing-use-sound-react-hook/

Fontawesome: https://fontawesome.com/v6.0

Epic Spinners: https://epic-spinners.epicmax.co/
